She's died, and still won't give me her bank card in the password.
If she doesn't give you the bank card, she must be thinking about leaving
the money to that little bitch, Ginny.
And when she comes around, you must get the password by any means.
We can't let that little bitch to cash in on this.
What's happening here?
We said we don't have any money.
Why do you still put her in the ICU?
Everyone knows the price of the day's care that's exorbitant in it.
Get her out now, and don't try to cheat money out of us.
She's old, and it'll be a waste of money and food to spend tens of thousands to bring her around.
Leave the money to us, and we can get a new card.
Do you even have a heart?
The patient has your mother.
How can you save such things?
You're interrupting my work. Get out.
A doctor is cursing her to the patient's family.
We are suing you for the moral damages compensation.
Do it! Just do it.
When she was brought to the hospital last night, they were dead set against signing for the surgery
and kept asking her for the big card passcode.
Seriously?
Two assholes who are living off grandma all these years and God knows how much money they've squeezed from her.
An elder taking it to an even lower level.
Sue-ing? You have the nerve to do that.
Stop! Stop!
Who are you?
It's Ginny, grown up over the years, and look at that body.
If only we could arrange a marriage of this bitch with those rich old men exchanged for some commissions.
That sure will make a difference for us.
Ginny, we'll miss you so much over the years.
Come on. Come home with us.
We'll make you a feast.
Why are you scheming against me again?
You're shooting from the hip again.
Why would we scheme against you?
We just wanted to invite you home.
Can't invite me home?
I could never left.
You shameless little bitch.
We buried the hash it and kindly invited you back home.
You brought up the Asian thing up again.
You really think that everyone has forgotten what happened back then.
Everyone, come here to hear about the unchastory of the slut.
You can't rest with this kind of people.
Let's go.
Who are you cursing at?
Who am I cursing at?
I'm cursing at you, you shameless little slut.
You were born to be a whore like your mom and you learned to seduce men as the little girl.
Remember the sophomore student sleeping with a married man who got caught in bed?
By his wife three years ago, the libacious woman you see right here is that student.
The main character of that past scandal.
You saw the impersonations, but how she got out.
The MC city back then.
It's only been a couple years since she's back.
Do you think we've forgotten?